
	一、My Mother

	My mother is a doctor. Her English name is Amy. She is thirty-five years old. She is very nice .She has a long hair and two black eye. And she has a small mouth and small nose. My mother loves me very much. She is good at cooking. She likes singing. Every day, she will sing many songs.

	I love my mother; my mother loves me, too. We are very happily.【星火作文网 www.easyzw.com】

	二、My Mother

	I have a great mother. She cares much about me in my life and study. In the morning, she gets up early to make breakfast for me. When I was little, she prepared my schoolbag. But now, she tells me to do it by myself. Because she thinks I have been old enough to do it. Besides, she always checks my homework. When I finish my homework, she checks it and points out the mistakes. She is very careful and helps me a lot. I love my mother.

	三、My Mother

	My mother is a teacher of primary school. She teaches in countryside, and there are only several teachers in her school. Therefore, except for math, she also teaches Chinese and music. My mother is a good teacher and she is popular among her students. She cares every student in her class, both in study and life. Her class seems to be relaxed and lively, but students can learn a lot from her. To some extend, she is strict to her students. When they make mistakes in study, she would point it out directly and tells the student correct it by himself or herself firstly. If they can’t, my mother helps them at last. Besides the study, my mother is a good teacher in life. She focuses on healthy growth of her students. So she always cares about their life. No matter what happens to them, she is ready to listen and help.

	四、My Mother

	My mother is really a good mother,and I love her so much.My mother is a teacher and she taughtme from my Grade 1 to Grade 3 in primary school. She is a good teacher with great patience. She is so kind to all students in her class that she is badly popular among her students. Except for knowledge, my mother teaches me how to be a good person and she regards it as the most important lesson to a person. In my opinion, she gets 100 points as a teacher as well as a mother.

	五、My Kind Mother

	My mother takes care of me all the time, she is around me when I need help. Unlike my father, who is so severe and busy, my mother is very kind, when I make mistakes, she will not angry, she tells me to take care of these mistakes and should not make them next time. I am so thankful to my mother, she sacrifices so many things for me.

	六、My Mother

	My mother is 35 years old. She has long black hair and big eyes. She takes me to school every day. In the evening, she help me with my homework. If I’m hungry, she will cook my favourite meals. She’s always trying to encourage me to try something new. I think my mother is the best person in this world. She is always be there for me when I need her. I love her so much. She is my hero.